WIP: review by phu (#9)
metafacture/metafacture-tutorial: 01_Getting_Metafacture.md

Metafacture can be used as a stand-alone application or as a Java library in other applications.
The name Metafacture is a portmanteau of the words metadata and manufacture.

In this tutorial we are going to teach how to use Metafacture to perform simple and advanced data processing tasks.

At the beginning we will use the web application [Metafacture Playground](https://metafacture.org/playground/). So no
installation is needed. The Playground is a web interface that helps you getting started.
It is useful to test, share and export Metafacture workflows.

Starting with [Chapter 6](./06_MetafactureCLI.md) we can switch from using Playground to running Metafacture on our own hardware.
But the examples are still provided in the Playground.

> To run Metafacture on your local machine you need a Linux/Unix Bash Shell (part of every Linux, MacOS and Windows >=10) with Metafacture Core installed. In this course we are not teaching you how to use the command line. For that see: **TODO**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run Metafacture on your local machine you need a Linux/Unix Bash Shell (part of every Linux, MacOS and Windows >=10) with Metafacture Core installed. In this course we are not teaching you how to use the command line. For that see: [Chapter 6](./06_MetafactureCLI.md)
```
